{% raw %} <li><a href="StructureDefinition-MedicationAdministrationProfile.xml.html">Medication Administration Profile with Vaccine Codes</a> <p>Profile for medication administrations with vaccine codes from CVX or MVX.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-MedicationDispenseProfile.xml.html">Medication Dispense Profile with Vaccine Codes</a> <p>Profile for medication dispenses with vaccine codes from CVX or MVX.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-MedicationRequestProfile.xml.html">Medication Request Profile with Vaccine Codes</a> <p>Profile for medication requests with vaccine codes from CVX or MVX.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-MedicationStatementProfile.xml.html">Medication Statement Profile with Vaccine Codes</a> <p>Profile for medication statements with vaccine codes from CVX or MVX.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ProcedureProfile.xml.html">Immunization Procedures Profile</a> <p>Profile for medical procedures related to immunization based on SNOMED CT or CPT codes.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ReactionProfile.xml.html">Allergy Intolerance Profile for Immunization Decision Support</a> <p>Profile for allergy intolerances relevant to immunization. The code (allergen/substance) may use SNOMED CT or ICD-10-CM. Reaction substances may use CVX, MVX, SNOMED CT, or RxNorm.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-Vaccine.xml.html">Vaccine</a> <p>Simple vaccine to easily obtain needed information for forecasting</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-VaccineConditionFhir.xml.html">Condition Profile with Vaccine Condition Codes</a> <p>Profile for conditions where the code must be from the Vaccine Condition Codes value set. Accepts SNOMED CT and ICD-10-CM coded conditions.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-VaccineObservationFhir.xml.html">Observation Profile for Immunization Decision Support</a> <p>Profile for Observation resources carrying lab evidence of immunity or other findings relevant to immunization decisions. Codes may be from SNOMED CT, ICD-10-CM, or LOINC.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-interval-reason.xml.html">Allowed Interval Reason</a> <p>Captures the reason for the allowed interval between vaccine doses.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-interval-status.xml.html">Allowed Interval Status</a> <p>Captures the status of the allowed interval for vaccination.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-vaccine-reason.xml.html">Allowed Vaccine Reason</a> <p>Captures the reason why a particular vaccine is allowed.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-vaccine-status.xml.html">Allowed Vaccine Status</a> <p>Indicates if the vaccine administered is allowed under certain conditions.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-antigen-supporting-data.xml.html">Antigen Supporting Data</a> <p>A resource to store supporting data for antigens including target disease, vaccine groups, immunity criteria, contraindications, and vaccination series.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-assessment-date.xml.html">AssessmentDate</a> <p>The date on which the vaccination assessment was made.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-begin-age.xml.html">Begin Age</a> <p>The age at which the vaccine becomes applicable.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-end-age.xml.html">End Age</a> <p>The age at which the vaccine is no longer applicable.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-inadvertent-administration-status.xml.html">Inadvertent Administration Status</a> <p>Indicates if the vaccine was administered inadvertently.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-interval-reason.xml.html">Preferred Interval Reason</a> <p>Captures the reason for the preferred interval between vaccine doses.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-interval-status.xml.html">Preferred Interval Status</a> <p>Indicates if the vaccine was administered at the preferred interval.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-vaccine-reason.xml.html">Preferred Vaccine Reason</a> <p>Captures the reason why a particular vaccine is preferred.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-vaccine-status.xml.html">Preferred Vaccine Status</a> <p>Indicates if the vaccine administered is the preferred vaccine.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-schedule-supporting-data.xml.html">Schedule Supporting Data</a> <p>This resource consolidates various mapping and conflict information related to vaccine scheduling to support decision-making processes.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-vaccination-conflict.xml.html">Vaccination Conflict</a> <p>Indicates any conflicts with other vaccinations.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-vaccine-type.xml.html">Vaccine Type</a> <p>Type of the vaccine.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-valid-age-reason.xml.html">Valid Age Reason</a> <p>Captures the reason why the vaccine was administered at a particular age.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-valid-age-status.xml.html">Valid Age Status</a> <p>Indicates if the vaccine was administered at the correct age.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-vax-dose.xml.html">Dose of a Vaccine</a> <p>Detailed information about each vaccination dose.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-vax-patient.xml.html">Vaccination Patient</a> <p>A profile that extends the base FHIR Patient resource to include detailed vaccination-related information.</p>
</li>
{% endraw %}