{% raw %} <li><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-interval-reason.html">Allowed Interval Reason</a> <p>Captures the reason for the allowed interval between vaccine doses.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-interval-status.html">Allowed Interval Status</a> <p>Captures the status of the allowed interval for vaccination.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-vaccine-reason.html">Allowed Vaccine Reason</a> <p>Captures the reason why a particular vaccine is allowed.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-vaccine-status.html">Allowed Vaccine Status</a> <p>Indicates if the vaccine administered is allowed under certain conditions.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-assessment-date.html">AssessmentDate</a> <p>The date on which the vaccination assessment was made.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-begin-age.html">Begin Age</a> <p>The age at which the vaccine becomes applicable.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-end-age.html">End Age</a> <p>The age at which the vaccine is no longer applicable.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-inadvertent-administration-status.html">Inadvertent Administration Status</a> <p>Indicates if the vaccine was administered inadvertently.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-interval-reason.html">Preferred Interval Reason</a> <p>Captures the reason for the preferred interval between vaccine doses.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-interval-status.html">Preferred Interval Status</a> <p>Indicates if the vaccine was administered at the preferred interval.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-vaccine-reason.html">Preferred Vaccine Reason</a> <p>Captures the reason why a particular vaccine is preferred.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-vaccine-status.html">Preferred Vaccine Status</a> <p>Indicates if the vaccine administered is the preferred vaccine.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-vaccination-conflict.html">Vaccination Conflict</a> <p>Indicates any conflicts with other vaccinations.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-vaccine-type.html">Vaccine Type</a> <p>Type of the vaccine.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-valid-age-reason.html">Valid Age Reason</a> <p>Captures the reason why the vaccine was administered at a particular age.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-valid-age-status.html">Valid Age Status</a> <p>Indicates if the vaccine was administered at the correct age.</p>
</li>
{% endraw %}