{% raw %}<table class="grid">
 <tr><td><b>Code</b></td><td><b>Value Types</b></td><td><b>Definition</b></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-interval-reason.html">allowed-interval-reason</a></td><td>(all)</td><td>Captures the reason for the allowed interval between vaccine doses.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-interval-status.html">allowed-interval-status</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#boolean" title="boolean">boolean</a></td><td>Captures the status of the allowed interval for vaccination.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-vaccine-reason.html">allowed-vaccine-reason</a></td><td>(all)</td><td>Captures the reason why a particular vaccine is allowed.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-allowed-vaccine-status.html">allowed-vaccine-status</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#boolean" title="boolean">boolean</a></td><td>Indicates if the vaccine administered is allowed under certain conditions.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-assessment-date.html">assessment-date</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#dateTime" title="dateTime">dateTime</a></td><td>The date on which the vaccination assessment was made.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-begin-age.html">begin-age</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Age" title="Age">Age</a></td><td>The age at which the vaccine becomes applicable.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-end-age.html">end-age</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Age" title="Age">Age</a></td><td>The age at which the vaccine is no longer applicable.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-inadvertent-administration-status.html">inadvertent-administration-status</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#boolean" title="boolean">boolean</a></td><td>Indicates if the vaccine was administered inadvertently.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-interval-reason.html">preferred-interval-reason</a></td><td>(all)</td><td>Captures the reason for the preferred interval between vaccine doses.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-interval-status.html">preferred-interval-status</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#boolean" title="boolean">boolean</a></td><td>Indicates if the vaccine was administered at the preferred interval.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-vaccine-reason.html">preferred-vaccine-reason</a></td><td>(all)</td><td>Captures the reason why a particular vaccine is preferred.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-preferred-vaccine-status.html">preferred-vaccine-status</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#boolean" title="boolean">boolean</a></td><td>Indicates if the vaccine administered is the preferred vaccine.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-vaccination-conflict.html">vaccination-conflict</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#boolean" title="boolean">boolean</a></td><td>Indicates any conflicts with other vaccinations.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-vaccine-type.html">vaccine-type</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#CodeableConcept" title="CodeableConcept">CodeableConcept</a></td><td>Type of the vaccine.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-valid-age-reason.html">valid-age-reason</a></td><td>(all)</td><td>Captures the reason why the vaccine was administered at a particular age.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-valid-age-status.html">valid-age-status</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#boolean" title="boolean">boolean</a></td><td>Indicates if the vaccine was administered at the correct age.</td></tr>
</table>
{% endraw %}