{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-eval-reason.json.html">Evaluation Reason</a> </td><td><p>The reason for the evaluation.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-eval-status.json.html">Evaluation Status Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value Set for the status of the result of an evaluation.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-immunization-procedures-cpt.json.html">Immunization-Relevant Procedures (CPT)</a> </td><td><p>CPT codes for procedures relevant to immunization decision support, including splenectomy and cochlear implant.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-procedures.json.html">Procedures</a> </td><td><p>Comprehensive Value Set for medical procedures based on SNOMED CT codes.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-interval-reason.json.html">Interval Reason</a> </td><td><p>This value set includes codes for the reason an interval is considered to be invalid.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-preferred-allowed-reason.json.html">Reasons why certain doses are Preferred or Allowed doses</a> </td><td><p>Reasons why certain doses are Preferred or Allowed doses</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-VaccineCodesCvxMvx.json.html">VaccineCodesCvxMvx</a> </td><td>VaccineCodesCvxMvx</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vaccine-condition-codes-icd10.json.html">Vaccine Condition Codes (ICD-10-CM)</a> </td><td><p>Value set for conditions based on ICD-10-CM that may impact immunization decisions, mapped to CDSi observation codes.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vaccine-condition-codes-snomed.json.html">Vaccine Condition Codes</a> </td><td><p>Value set for conditions based on SNOMED CT, that may impact immunization.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vaccine-gender.json.html">Vaccine Gender</a> </td><td><p>Value set for gender categories relevant to vaccination data.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vaccine-lab-evidence-of-immunity-loinc.json.html">Lab Evidence of Immunity (LOINC)</a> </td><td><p>LOINC codes for laboratory tests that provide evidence of immunity, mapped to CDSi observation codes for immunization decision support.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vaccine-medication-codes-rxnorm.json.html">Immunization-Relevant Medications (RxNorm)</a> </td><td><p>RxNorm codes for medications relevant to immunization decision support, including antivirals and aspirin.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vaccine-medication-codes-snomed.json.html">Medications</a> </td><td><p>Value set for medications and substances based on SNOMED CT, including both active ingredients and marketed products.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valid-age-reason.json.html">Valid Age Reason</a> </td><td><p>Value set for reasons why a patient's age is considered valid/invalid for a vaccine.</p>
</td></tr>
{% endraw %}